These Jedi murderers left me scarred, left me deformed, but they could not
scar my integrity! They could not deform my resolve! The remaining traitors
will be hunted down, rooted out wherever they may hide, and brought to
justice, dead or alive! All collaborators will suffer the same fate. Those who
protect the enemy are the enemy! Now is the time! Now we will strike back!
Now we will destroy the destroyers! Death to the enemies of the democracy!

This has been the most trying of times, but we have passed the test. The
war is over!

The Separatists have been utterly defeated, and the Republic will stand.
United! United and free!

The Jedi Rebellion was our final test—it was the last gasp of the forces of
darkness! Now we have left that darkness behind us forever, and a new day
has begun! It is morning in the Republic!
Never again will we be divided! Never again will sector turn against sector,
planet turn against planet, sibling turn against sibling. We are one nation,
indivisible!

To ensure that we will always stand together, that we will always speak with
a single voice and act with a single hand, the Republic must change. We
must evolve. We must grow. We have become an empire in fact; let us
become an Empire in name as well! We are the first Galactic Empire!

We are an Empire that will continue to be ruled by this august body! We are
an Empire that will never return to the political manoeuvring and corruption
that have wounded us so deeply; we are an Empire that will be directed by a
single sovereign, chosen for life!

We are an Empire ruled by the majority! An Empire ruled by a new
Constitution! An Empire of laws, not of politicians! An Empire devoted to the
preservation of a just society. Of a safe and secure society! We are an
Empire that will stand ten thousand years!

We will celebrate the anniversary of this day as Empire Day. For the sake of
our children. For our children's children! For the next ten thousand years!
Safety! Security! Justice and peace!

Say it with me! Safety, Security, Justice, and Peace! Safety, Security,
Justice, and Peace!
